LOG.md, before:

````markdown
# 📜 Weenus AI Development Log

> Living document tracking all changes, features, fixes, and decisions  
> Updated with each development session

---

## 📋 TODO - November 12, 2025

### Bugs to Fix
- [ ] **Streaming stops on page nav**: Fix chat streaming getting interrupted when switching away from ChatPage and back
- [ ] **Duplicate message on finish**: Remove split-second duplicate message when AI finishes (shows streamed + finished message twice)

### Features to Add
- [ ] **Loading icon for thinking**: Add spinner/icon next to "crunching numbers" loading text
- [ ] **Per-chat parameter changes**: Add parameter adjuster next to model selector (below chat input) for quick tweaks without Settings
- [ ] **Model download tab**: New tab in Model Library for downloading models from Hugging Face or Ollama registry
- [ ] **More bunny theming**: Expand Weenus personality throughout UI (empty states, messages, etc.)
- [ ] **Button Functionality**: Add functionality to the 3 buttons at the bottom of the expanded sidebar

### UI/UX Improvements
- [ ] **Settings menu refactor**: 
  - Change "Save & Restart Ollama" to just "Save"
  - Add conditional popup after save if settings require Ollama restart (model path change, etc.)
  - Separate concerns: save config ≠ restart service
- [ ] **General design language tweaks**
  - Change simple tick toggle boxes to smooth, nice looking 2 state toggle switches (notably in general settings)
  - Make the whole UI more lively, with animations for things sliding in and out, such as the sidebar or new messages
  - Try to mimic modern, neumorphism type ui, keep the pink themings
  - Do not attempt to change UI layouts unless specified, ask before changing layout

### EXTRA
- [ ] **Updating Existing documentation**
  - Update the existing documentation in the docs folder to better represent the current status of the project
  - Remove unessecary detail or repeated mentions of things where possible
---

## November 10, 2025 (Evening) - Per-Model Parameter Configurator 🎚️

### Overview
Implemented per-model parameter configurator in Settings > Parameters tab. Users can customize AI generation parameters for each model (Temperature, Top P, Top K, Repeat Penalty, Max Tokens) and save presets persistently.

### Implementation Summary

**Files Created** (6):
- `src/types/parameters.types.ts` - Type definitions and parameter ranges
- `src/services/modelParameters.ts` - Persistence layer (electron-store)
- `src/hooks/useModelParameters.ts` - State management hook
- `src/components/ModelParametersConfigurator.tsx` - Main UI component
- `src/components/ModelParametersConfigurator.css` - Styling (matches ChatPage)
- `docs/MODEL_PARAMETERS.md` - Technical documentation (in docs folder)

**Files Modified** (2):
- `src/pages/SettingsPage.tsx` - Integrated ModelParametersConfigurator
- `src/pages/SettingsPage.css` - Added wrapper class

### Features
✅ Model selection dropdown (all installed Ollama models)
✅ 5 parameter sliders with live value display
✅ Save button (persists to electron-store)
✅ Reset button with confirmation dialog
✅ Auto-load parameters when model selected
✅ Toast notifications (success/error feedback)
✅ Responsive grid layout matching ChatPage aesthetic
✅ Pink bunny theme with smooth animations

### Parameters
- Temperature (0.0-2.0): Randomness/creativity
- Top P (0.0-1.0): Nucleus sampling diversity
- Top K (1-100): Token selection limit
- Repeat Penalty (0.5-2.0): Repetition penalty
- Max Tokens (100-8192): Response length limit

### Design & Tech
- **Theme**: Pink bunny (#FF6B9D) matching ChatPage exactly
- **Layout**: Responsive grid (1-2 columns)
- **State**: React hooks + electron-store persistence
- **Type Safety**: 100% TypeScript strict mode
- **Build**: Production ready (0 errors, ESLint passing)

### Bug Fixes
✅ Fixed models not loading: Added `useEffect` to call `loadModels()` on mount

### Status
✅ Complete and production-ready
⏳ Next: Wire parameters to Ollama API calls in ChatPage

See `docs/MODEL_PARAMETERS.md` for detailed technical documentation.

---

## November 11, 2025 - Parameter Integration Fix 🔧

### Problem Identified
**Critical Issue**: Model parameters were being saved correctly to electron-store, but were **NOT being used** when sending messages to Ollama. Users could configure parameters in Settings, but the AI would ignore them and use Ollama defaults.

**Root Cause**: 
- `ChatPage.tsx` was calling `/api/chat` endpoint WITHOUT the `options` parameter
- The `useModelParameters` hook was imported but never used in the chat flow

**Impact**:
- Temperature, Top P, Top K, Repeat Penalty, Max Tokens all ignored
- Per-model customization was cosmetic only - didn't actually affect model behavior

### Solution Implemented
**Files Modified**: `src/pages/ChatPage.tsx`

1. **Added hook import and usage**:
   ```typescript
   const { parameters } = useModelParameters(currentModel || null);
   ```

2. **Updated `/api/chat` API call** (lines 164-179):
   ```typescript
   const response = await fetch('http://localhost:11434/api/chat', {
     method: 'POST',
     headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
     body: JSON.stringify({
       model: currentModel,
       messages: conversationMessages,
       stream: true,
       options: {  // ← NEW: Pass parameters to Ollama
         temperature: parameters.temperature,
         top_p: parameters.topP,
         top_k: parameters.topK,
         repeat_penalty: parameters.repeatPenalty,
         num_predict: parameters.maxTokens,
       },
     }),
   });
   ```

**Key Details**:
- Field name mapping (TypeScript → Ollama API):
  - `temperature` → `temperature` ✓
  - `topP` → `top_p` (snake_case in API)
  - `topK` → `top_k` (snake_case in API)
  - `repeatPenalty` → `repeat_penalty` (snake_case in API)
  - `maxTokens` → `num_predict` (Ollama naming convention)

### Verification
✅ Build passes (0 errors)
✅ TypeScript strict mode verified
✅ Parameters now flow from Settings → Hook → ChatPage → Ollama API
✅ Each message now uses the saved model parameters

### Next Steps
- Test parameter functionality (change temp/top_p, verify model behavior changes)
- Consider adding parameter reset on Ollama disconnect
- Document in user guide

### Testing Instructions
1. Go to Settings > Parameters
2. Select a model (e.g., "llama2")
3. Change Temperature to 0.1 (deterministic)
4. Save parameters
5. Chat and observe: responses should be more predictable/repetitive
6. Change Temperature to 1.8 (creative)
7. Save and chat again: responses should be more varied/random

---

## November 10, 2025 (Evening) - Lighthearted UI Subtitles 🐰

### Overview
Updated sidebar navigation subtitles with playful, lighthearted Weenus-themed messaging to match the cute bunny aesthetic and make the UI more fun and approachable.

### Changes Made
Updated `src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx` navigation descriptions:

- **Chat**: "AI Chat Interface" → "Talk to your Weenus"
- **Image Generation**: "Generate Images with AI" → "Take some Weenus Pics"
- **Video Generation**: "Generate Videos with AI" → "Make some Weenus Vids"
- **Model Library**: "Manage AI Models" → "Have a look at your Weenus's, and get some more"
- **Settings**: "Application Settings" → "Personalize Your Weenus"

### Impact
- ✅ Makes the UI feel more fun and approachable
- ✅ Reinforces the cute bunny brand identity
- ✅ Encourages exploration of features
- ✅ Creates personality without changing functionality

### Build Status
✅ Production build successful (no errors, all modules transformed)

---

## November 10, 2025 - Documentation Cleanup & Organization 🗂️

### Changes Made
- **Archived Old Status Documents**: Moved to `docs/archive/`
  - HANDOFF_STATUS.md (Nov 10 handoff report)
  - CHAT_ENHANCEMENT_COMPLETE.md (feature list)
  - ISSUE_RESOLUTION_COMPLETE.md (historical issues)
  - UI_POLISH_COMPLETE.md (UI milestones)
  - INITIAL.md (original brief)
  - QUICK_START.md (outdated setup guide)

- **Consolidated Documentation Structure**:
  - Technical reference: `docs/CHAT_SYSTEM.md` (multi-chat system details)
  - All archival docs now in `docs/archive/` for reference

- **Root Directory Markdown Files** (Kept):
  - `README.md` - GitHub-ready project overview
  - `PLAN.md` - Development priorities and phases
  - `LOG.md` - This living changelog
  - `PROJSTATUS.md` - Comprehensive project status
  - `PLAN.md.archive` - Old plan backup

### Result
- ✅ Clean root directory (only essential docs)
- ✅ Historical docs preserved in archive
- ✅ Technical docs in proper location (`docs/`)
- ✅ Easy to navigate documentation structure

### Git Commit
`Archive old status documents, consolidate documentation structure`

---

## November 10, 2025 - Performance Optimization & UI Polish 🎨

### Changes Made
- **Removed Performance Killers**: Eliminated `backdrop-filter: blur()` effects from:
  - Sidebar (blur 20px removed)
  - StatusBar (blur 15px removed)  
  - Mica backdrop (blur 60px removed)
  - Global glass/mica classes (blur 10-30px removed)
  
- **UI Polish**: 
  - Added rounded corners to chat window bottom (matched container)
  - Moved window controls from top-left to chat header (top-right)
  - Moved "Powered by Ollama" text left with 140px padding
  - Adjusted window control button position (4px down)

- **Hover Glow Effect**: Added subtle pink glow on content-area hover
  - 3-layer box-shadow for depth
  - Smooth 0.3s transition
  - Removed transform animations for performance

- **Hardware Acceleration Setting**: 
  - Added toggle in Settings > General
  - Default: enabled
  - Stores preference in state
  - Runtime application wired (CSS class conditional)

### Files Modified
- `src/pages/ChatPage.tsx` - Window controls import, positioning in header
- `src/pages/ChatPage.css` - Chat page styling, rounded corners
- `src/components/layout/MainLayout.tsx` - Props for hardware acceleration
- `src/components/layout/MainLayout.css` - Removed transform/will-change, conditional .hw-accelerated class
- `src/components/layout/Sidebar.css` - Removed backdrop-filter
- `src/components/layout/StatusBar.css` - Removed backdrop-filter
- `src/components/layout/WindowControls.css` - Changed position from fixed to absolute
- `src/styles/global.css` - Removed backdrop-filter from glass/mica classes
- `src/App.tsx` - Added hardware acceleration state and handler
- `src/pages/SettingsPage.tsx` - Added hardware acceleration toggle UI

### Result
- ✅ 60fps stable interactions (previously choppy)
- ✅ Smooth scrolling and animations
- ✅ No visual glitches or performance jank
- ✅ All UI elements properly positioned
- ✅ Hardware acceleration optional for compatibility

### Git Commits
1. `Fix performance: remove backdrop-filters and add rounded corners to chat window`
2. `Add hover glow effect and hardware acceleration toggle`
3. `Move window controls to chat header and adjust Powered by Ollama spacing`

---

## November 10, 2025 - Documentation Reorganization 📚

### Changes Made
- **Created PROJSTATUS.md**: Comprehensive project documentation
  - Full architecture overview
  - Design language and color palette
  - Technology stack rationale
  - Feature status by phase
  - Development methodology
  - Known issues and limitations
  - Design decisions and rationale
  - ~1600 lines of detailed documentation

- **Simplified PLAN.md**: Condensed from 700+ lines
  - Quick phase completion status
  - Development priorities
  - Project structure overview
  - Links to detailed docs
  - ~120 lines of actionable progress tracking

- **Created LOG.md**: Living changelog (this file)
  - Tracks all changes and decisions
  - Session-based organization
  - Links to commits and files modified
  - Development progress notes

### Files Created/Modified
- `PROJSTATUS.md` (renamed from COMPREHENSIVE_PROJ_STATUS.md)
- `PLAN.md` (simplified)
- `LOG.md` (new - this file)
- `PLAN.md.archive` (archived old plan)

### Documentation Structure
```
PROJSTATUS.md - Static project overview (architecture, design, tech)
PLAN.md       - Quick progress tracker with priorities
LOG.md        - Living changelog of all changes
```

### Git Commit
`Create comprehensive project status documentation and simplify plan`

---

## Earlier Session (November 10, 2025 AM) - Chat Features & System

### Key Accomplishments
- ✅ Multi-chat system complete with persistence
- ✅ AI-generated chat titles  
- ✅ Date-grouped chat organization (Today, Yesterday, Week, Month, Older)
- ✅ Full-text search across chat titles and messages
- ✅ Toast notification system (replaced alert dialogs)
- ✅ Message streaming from Ollama working
- ✅ Chat deletion with confirmation
- ✅ Model selection during chat
- ✅ Connection status indicator

### Architecture Established
- `src/services/chat.ts` - 280+ lines of chat logic
- `src/hooks/useChat.ts` - Chat state management hook
- `src/types/chat.types.ts` - Type definitions for chat system
- Data persistence via electron-store

---

## Session Template (For Future Sessions)

```markdown
## [Date] - [Feature/Fix Description] [Emoji]

### Changes Made
- Feature/fix 1
- Feature/fix 2
- Feature/fix 3

### Files Modified
- `path/to/file.tsx` - Brief description
- `path/to/file.css` - Brief description

### Result
- ✅ What works now
- ✅ What improved

### Git Commit(s)
`commit message here`
```

---

## Notes for Future Development

### Known Limitations
- Parameter controls UI exists but API not fully wired
- Model download/delete not yet implemented
- Message export not available
- Markdown rendering for AI responses not yet implemented

### Technical Debt
- Test coverage minimal (~20%)
- Redux setup unused (simplify if not scaling)
- No CI/CD pipeline
- Performance monitoring not implemented

### Next Session Priorities
1. Wire parameter controls to API calls
2. Implement markdown rendering  
3. Add model download/install functionality
4. Improve error handling and user feedback

---

## Development Metrics

### Code Statistics
- Total LOC (source): ~8000+
- Components: 15+
- Services: 2 (chat, ollama)
- Custom Hooks: 2 (useChat, useOllama)
- Type Definitions: 10+

### Performance Targets
- App startup: < 3 seconds ✅ (achieved ~2.5s)
- UI responsiveness: 60fps ✅ (achieved)
- Memory baseline: < 300MB ✅ (achieved ~250MB)
- Chat response: < 500ms to first token ✅ (achieved)

### Feature Completion
- Phase 1-3: 100% complete
- Phase 4: 60% complete
- Phase 5+: 0% (pages created, not implemented)
- Overall: ~65% completion

---

## Branch & Version Info

- **Current Branch**: main (local development)
- **Version**: 0.1.0
- **Node**: 18.0.0+
- **Electron**: 27.0.0
- **React**: 18.2.0
- **TypeScript**: 5.2.2

---

*Log updated after each development session. Last updated: November 10, 2025*
````

Commit message:

refactor: Move save button to settings sidebar, remove redundant text labels, redesign button UI

LOG.md, after:

````markdown
# 📜 Weenus AI Development Log

> Living document tracking all changes, features, fixes, and decisions  
> Updated with each development session

---

## 📋 TODO - November 12, 2025

### Bugs to Fix
- [x] **Streaming stops on page nav**: Fix chat streaming getting interrupted when switching away from ChatPage and back ✅ FIXED
- [x] **Duplicate message on finish**: Remove split-second duplicate message when AI finishes (shows streamed + finished message twice) ✅ FIXED

### Features to Add
- [x] **Loading icon for thinking**: Add spinner/icon next to "crunching numbers" loading text ✅ ADDED
- [x] **Per-chat parameter changes**: Add parameter adjuster next to model selector (below chat input) for quick tweaks without Settings 🔄 PARTIALLY DONE - UI exists, need to add more parameters and "save for this chat" button
- [ ] **Model download tab**: New tab in Model Library for downloading models from Hugging Face or Ollama registry
- [ ] **More bunny theming**: Expand Weenus personality throughout UI (empty states, messages, etc.)
- [ ] **Button Functionality**: Add functionality to the 3 buttons at the bottom of the expanded sidebar

### UI/UX Improvements
- [x] **Settings menu refactor**: ✅ DONE
  - Change "Save & Restart Ollama" to just "Save"
  - Add conditional popup after save if settings require Ollama restart (model path change, etc.)
  - Separate concerns: save config ≠ restart service
- [x] **General design language tweaks**: 🔄 PARTIALLY DONE
  - [x] Change simple tick toggle boxes to smooth, nice looking 2 state toggle switches (notably in general settings)
  - [x] Make the whole UI more lively, with animations for things sliding in and out, such as the sidebar or new messages
  - [ ] Try to mimic modern, neumorphism type ui, keep the pink themings
  - Do not attempt to change UI layouts unless specified, ask before changing layout

### EXTRA
- [ ] **Updating Existing documentation**
  - Update the existing documentation in the docs folder to better represent the current status of the project
  - Remove unessecary detail or repeated mentions of things where possible
---

## November 10, 2025 (Evening) - Per-Model Parameter Configurator 🎚️

### Overview
Implemented per-model parameter configurator in Settings > Parameters tab. Users can customize AI generation parameters for each model (Temperature, Top P, Top K, Repeat Penalty, Max Tokens) and save presets persistently.

### Implementation Summary

**Files Created** (6):
- `src/types/parameters.types.ts` - Type definitions and parameter ranges
- `src/services/modelParameters.ts` - Persistence layer (electron-store)
- `src/hooks/useModelParameters.ts` - State management hook
- `src/components/ModelParametersConfigurator.tsx` - Main UI component
- `src/components/ModelParametersConfigurator.css` - Styling (matches ChatPage)
- `docs/MODEL_PARAMETERS.md` - Technical documentation (in docs folder)

**Files Modified** (2):
- `src/pages/SettingsPage.tsx` - Integrated ModelParametersConfigurator
- `src/pages/SettingsPage.css` - Added wrapper class

### Features
✅ Model selection dropdown (all installed Ollama models)
✅ 5 parameter sliders with live value display
✅ Save button (persists to electron-store)
✅ Reset button with confirmation dialog
✅ Auto-load parameters when model selected
✅ Toast notifications (success/error feedback)
✅ Responsive grid layout matching ChatPage aesthetic
✅ Pink bunny theme with smooth animations

### Parameters
- Temperature (0.0-2.0): Randomness/creativity
- Top P (0.0-1.0): Nucleus sampling diversity
- Top K (1-100): Token selection limit
- Repeat Penalty (0.5-2.0): Repetition penalty
- Max Tokens (100-8192): Response length limit

### Design & Tech
- **Theme**: Pink bunny (#FF6B9D) matching ChatPage exactly
- **Layout**: Responsive grid (1-2 columns)
- **State**: React hooks + electron-store persistence
- **Type Safety**: 100% TypeScript strict mode
- **Build**: Production ready (0 errors, ESLint passing)

### Bug Fixes
✅ Fixed models not loading: Added `useEffect` to call `loadModels()` on mount

### Status
✅ Complete and production-ready
⏳ Next: Wire parameters to Ollama API calls in ChatPage

See `docs/MODEL_PARAMETERS.md` for detailed technical documentation.

---

## November 11, 2025 - Parameter Integration Fix 🔧

### Problem Identified
**Critical Issue**: Model parameters were being saved correctly to electron-store, but were **NOT being used** when sending messages to Ollama. Users could configure parameters in Settings, but the AI would ignore them and use Ollama defaults.

**Root Cause**: 
- `ChatPage.tsx` was calling `/api/chat` endpoint WITHOUT the `options` parameter
- The `useModelParameters` hook was imported but never used in the chat flow

**Impact**:
- Temperature, Top P, Top K, Repeat Penalty, Max Tokens all ignored
- Per-model customization was cosmetic only - didn't actually affect model behavior

### Solution Implemented
**Files Modified**: `src/pages/ChatPage.tsx`

1. **Added hook import and usage**:
   ```typescript
   const { parameters } = useModelParameters(currentModel || null);
   ```

2. **Updated `/api/chat` API call** (lines 164-179):
   ```typescript
   const response = await fetch('http://localhost:11434/api/chat', {
     method: 'POST',
     headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
     body: JSON.stringify({
       model: currentModel,
       messages: conversationMessages,
       stream: true,
       options: {  // ← NEW: Pass parameters to Ollama
         temperature: parameters.temperature,
         top_p: parameters.topP,
         top_k: parameters.topK,
         repeat_penalty: parameters.repeatPenalty,
         num_predict: parameters.maxTokens,
       },
     }),
   });
   ```

**Key Details**:
- Field name mapping (TypeScript → Ollama API):
  - `temperature` → `temperature` ✓
  - `topP` → `top_p` (snake_case in API)
  - `topK` → `top_k` (snake_case in API)
  - `repeatPenalty` → `repeat_penalty` (snake_case in API)
  - `maxTokens` → `num_predict` (Ollama naming convention)

### Verification
✅ Build passes (0 errors)
✅ TypeScript strict mode verified
✅ Parameters now flow from Settings → Hook → ChatPage → Ollama API
✅ Each message now uses the saved model parameters

### Next Steps
- Test parameter functionality (change temp/top_p, verify model behavior changes)
- Consider adding parameter reset on Ollama disconnect
- Document in user guide

### Testing Instructions
1. Go to Settings > Parameters
2. Select a model (e.g., "llama2")
3. Change Temperature to 0.1 (deterministic)
4. Save parameters
5. Chat and observe: responses should be more predictable/repetitive
6. Change Temperature to 1.8 (creative)
7. Save and chat again: responses should be more varied/random

---

## November 10, 2025 (Evening) - Lighthearted UI Subtitles 🐰

### Overview
Updated sidebar navigation subtitles with playful, lighthearted Weenus-themed messaging to match the cute bunny aesthetic and make the UI more fun and approachable.

### Changes Made
Updated `src/components/layout/Sidebar.tsx` navigation descriptions:

- **Chat**: "AI Chat Interface" → "Talk to your Weenus"
- **Image Generation**: "Generate Images with AI" → "Take some Weenus Pics"
- **Video Generation**: "Generate Videos with AI" → "Make some Weenus Vids"
- **Model Library**: "Manage AI Models" → "Have a look at your Weenus's, and get some more"
- **Settings**: "Application Settings" → "Personalize Your Weenus"

### Impact
- ✅ Makes the UI feel more fun and approachable
- ✅ Reinforces the cute bunny brand identity
- ✅ Encourages exploration of features
- ✅ Creates personality without changing functionality

### Build Status
✅ Production build successful (no errors, all modules transformed)

---

## November 10, 2025 - Documentation Cleanup & Organization 🗂️

### Changes Made
- **Archived Old Status Documents**: Moved to `docs/archive/`
  - HANDOFF_STATUS.md (Nov 10 handoff report)
  - CHAT_ENHANCEMENT_COMPLETE.md (feature list)
  - ISSUE_RESOLUTION_COMPLETE.md (historical issues)
  - UI_POLISH_COMPLETE.md (UI milestones)
  - INITIAL.md (original brief)
  - QUICK_START.md (outdated setup guide)

- **Consolidated Documentation Structure**:
  - Technical reference: `docs/CHAT_SYSTEM.md` (multi-chat system details)
  - All archival docs now in `docs/archive/` for reference

- **Root Directory Markdown Files** (Kept):
  - `README.md` - GitHub-ready project overview
  - `PLAN.md` - Development priorities and phases
  - `LOG.md` - This living changelog
  - `PROJSTATUS.md` - Comprehensive project status
  - `PLAN.md.archive` - Old plan backup

### Result
- ✅ Clean root directory (only essential docs)
- ✅ Historical docs preserved in archive
- ✅ Technical docs in proper location (`docs/`)
- ✅ Easy to navigate documentation structure

### Git Commit
`Archive old status documents, consolidate documentation structure`

---

## November 10, 2025 - Performance Optimization & UI Polish 🎨

### Changes Made
- **Removed Performance Killers**: Eliminated `backdrop-filter: blur()` effects from:
  - Sidebar (blur 20px removed)
  - StatusBar (blur 15px removed)  
  - Mica backdrop (blur 60px removed)
  - Global glass/mica classes (blur 10-30px removed)
  
- **UI Polish**: 
  - Added rounded corners to chat window bottom (matched container)
  - Moved window controls from top-left to chat header (top-right)
  - Moved "Powered by Ollama" text left with 140px padding
  - Adjusted window control button position (4px down)

- **Hover Glow Effect**: Added subtle pink glow on content-area hover
  - 3-layer box-shadow for depth
  - Smooth 0.3s transition
  - Removed transform animations for performance

- **Hardware Acceleration Setting**: 
  - Added toggle in Settings > General
  - Default: enabled
  - Stores preference in state
  - Runtime application wired (CSS class conditional)

### Files Modified
- `src/pages/ChatPage.tsx` - Window controls import, positioning in header
- `src/pages/ChatPage.css` - Chat page styling, rounded corners
- `src/components/layout/MainLayout.tsx` - Props for hardware acceleration
- `src/components/layout/MainLayout.css` - Removed transform/will-change, conditional .hw-accelerated class
- `src/components/layout/Sidebar.css` - Removed backdrop-filter
- `src/components/layout/StatusBar.css` - Removed backdrop-filter
- `src/components/layout/WindowControls.css` - Changed position from fixed to absolute
- `src/styles/global.css` - Removed backdrop-filter from glass/mica classes
- `src/App.tsx` - Added hardware acceleration state and handler
- `src/pages/SettingsPage.tsx` - Added hardware acceleration toggle UI

### Result
- ✅ 60fps stable interactions (previously choppy)
- ✅ Smooth scrolling and animations
- ✅ No visual glitches or performance jank
- ✅ All UI elements properly positioned
- ✅ Hardware acceleration optional for compatibility

### Git Commits
1. `Fix performance: remove backdrop-filters and add rounded corners to chat window`
2. `Add hover glow effect and hardware acceleration toggle`
3. `Move window controls to chat header and adjust Powered by Ollama spacing`

---

## November 10, 2025 - Documentation Reorganization 📚

### Changes Made
- **Created PROJSTATUS.md**: Comprehensive project documentation
  - Full architecture overview
  - Design language and color palette
  - Technology stack rationale
  - Feature status by phase
  - Development methodology
  - Known issues and limitations
  - Design decisions and rationale
  - ~1600 lines of detailed documentation

- **Simplified PLAN.md**: Condensed from 700+ lines
  - Quick phase completion status
  - Development priorities
  - Project structure overview
  - Links to detailed docs
  - ~120 lines of actionable progress tracking

- **Created LOG.md**: Living changelog (this file)
  - Tracks all changes and decisions
  - Session-based organization
  - Links to commits and files modified
  - Development progress notes

### Files Created/Modified
- `PROJSTATUS.md` (renamed from COMPREHENSIVE_PROJ_STATUS.md)
- `PLAN.md` (simplified)
- `LOG.md` (new - this file)
- `PLAN.md.archive` (archived old plan)

### Documentation Structure
```
PROJSTATUS.md - Static project overview (architecture, design, tech)
PLAN.md       - Quick progress tracker with priorities
LOG.md        - Living changelog of all changes
```

### Git Commit
`Create comprehensive project status documentation and simplify plan`

---

## Earlier Session (November 10, 2025 AM) - Chat Features & System

### Key Accomplishments
- ✅ Multi-chat system complete with persistence
- ✅ AI-generated chat titles  
- ✅ Date-grouped chat organization (Today, Yesterday, Week, Month, Older)
- ✅ Full-text search across chat titles and messages
- ✅ Toast notification system (replaced alert dialogs)
- ✅ Message streaming from Ollama working
- ✅ Chat deletion with confirmation
- ✅ Model selection during chat
- ✅ Connection status indicator

### Architecture Established
- `src/services/chat.ts` - 280+ lines of chat logic
- `src/hooks/useChat.ts` - Chat state management hook
- `src/types/chat.types.ts` - Type definitions for chat system
- Data persistence via electron-store

---

## Session Template (For Future Sessions)

```markdown
## [Date] - [Feature/Fix Description] [Emoji]

### Changes Made
- Feature/fix 1
- Feature/fix 2
- Feature/fix 3

### Files Modified
- `path/to/file.tsx` - Brief description
- `path/to/file.css` - Brief description

### Result
- ✅ What works now
- ✅ What improved

### Git Commit(s)
`commit message here`
```

---

## Notes for Future Development

### Known Limitations
- Parameter controls UI exists but API not fully wired
- Model download/delete not yet implemented
- Message export not available
- Markdown rendering for AI responses not yet implemented

### Technical Debt
- Test coverage minimal (~20%)
- Redux setup unused (simplify if not scaling)
- No CI/CD pipeline
- Performance monitoring not implemented

### Next Session Priorities
1. Wire parameter controls to API calls
2. Implement markdown rendering  
3. Add model download/install functionality
4. Improve error handling and user feedback

---

## Development Metrics

### Code Statistics
- Total LOC (source): ~8000+
- Components: 15+
- Services: 2 (chat, ollama)
- Custom Hooks: 2 (useChat, useOllama)
- Type Definitions: 10+

### Performance Targets
- App startup: < 3 seconds ✅ (achieved ~2.5s)
- UI responsiveness: 60fps ✅ (achieved)
- Memory baseline: < 300MB ✅ (achieved ~250MB)
- Chat response: < 500ms to first token ✅ (achieved)

### Feature Completion
- Phase 1-3: 100% complete
- Phase 4: 60% complete
- Phase 5+: 0% (pages created, not implemented)
- Overall: ~65% completion

---

## Branch & Version Info

- **Current Branch**: main (local development)
- **Version**: 0.1.0
- **Node**: 18.0.0+
- **Electron**: 27.0.0
- **React**: 18.2.0
- **TypeScript**: 5.2.2

---

*Log updated after each development session. Last updated: November 10, 2025*
````
